The long black print I left on Lin Kexin's face
Let you try it for the first time
Facing so many security guards
You can still laugh
You security guards
Will it be harder to compare than the Japanese back then?
And all the hardships after I'm gone
Well, that's the hard way.
It shouldn't be me, right?
And what about the time I met Scar?
I don't remember saying anything to them.
Scar is Yamano's subordinate
I'm afraid there are only mountains in this world
Make them look like that
Yamano
Hahahaha
Your cleverness
It's not unexpected.
And
Your preparation is enough to make you in the rivers and lakes
Have a place
If you had shown this ability earlier
Maybe there is another look
It's all your scripts
What difference does it make?
There is still a difference
like what?
For example, Lin Kexin won't cuckold you
Isn't that enough?
Why did love come to life in the first place?